Figure 1. Rhythm defined in two parts. First part articulates prolated running
notes of written duration 1. Second part articulates prolated running notes of
written duration 2. Written duration 2 expressed as an integer power of 2
multiple of written duration 1. User input specifies nonnegative integer number
of notes in stage 2; any remaining notes interpreted as belonging to stage 1.
Stage 1 prolation specified as integer number of extra counts of written
duration 1. Stage 2 prolated also specifier as integer number of extra counts
of written duration 1. There's also a ReadingSpecifier passed as input to the
class at configuration time: cyclically determines how the music-maker reads
input pitches. Aribtrarily many articulation specifiers per figure. Each
articulation specifier can select notes from the first part, second part or
both parts. One hairpin specifier per figure. Each hairpin specifier can select
notes from the first part, second part or both parts. Arbitrarily many
transition specifiers per figure with each able to select notes from the first
part, second part or both parts.

Figure 2. Fixed pitch reiterated in a single voice (possibly as an open string)
against other pitches changing around the fixed pitch in close intervals.

Call protocol: one string of input pitches always passed on call. If no other
input parameters are passed, then the complete garland of figures is made and
returned as output. Otherwise a figure restriction indicator may be passed as
input on call. When a figure restriction indicator is passed on call, only
select figures are made and returned as output. Each output figure is modeled
as a selection. Output of every music-maker is always a tuple of zero or more
selections.